Initial Snapshot content (#6)
vaibhav-yb/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/advanced-topic.md

-- Start consumption through a replication slot.

CREATE TABLE test_table_2(id INT PRIMARY KEY, aa INT, bb INT);
```

> ### YugabyteDB Semantics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### YugabyteDB semantics
```

This change will only be applied after 9:00 am, i.e the publication's tables list will be next refreshed at 9:00 am. However the next refresh will happen at 9:10 am, and the subsequent refreshes will take place every 10 minutes.
```

> ### Settings Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Required settings
```

> Incase you want to enable dynamic table addition, following are the recommended steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To enable dynamic table addition, perform the following steps:
```

1. In order to enable dynamic table addition the tserver preview flag [cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support) should be set to true. 

>    - Since its a preview flag, we'll have to first add it to the `allowed_preview_flags_csv` list to be able to set it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Since it's a preview flag, we'll have to first add it to the `allowed_preview_flags_csv` list to be able to set it. 
```

      ```sh

>       ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<IP address:PORT> set_flag allowed_preview_flags_csv cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag allowed_preview_flags_csv cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support
```

      ```

    - Set the flag `cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support` to true.

      ```sh

>       ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<IP address:PORT> set_flag cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_enable_dynamic_table_support true
```

      ```

> 2. Set the flag [cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs) to a lower value like 60/120 seconds. Please note, the effect of this setting would take place after the upcoming publication refresh is performed (as explained in the example in the previous sub-section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the flag [cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs](../../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs) to a lower value like 60 or 120 seconds. Note that the effect of this setting would take place after the upcoming publication refresh is performed (as explained in the example in the previous sub-section).
```

```sh

> ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<IP address:PORT> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 120

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 120
```

```

3. Once you start receiving records from the newly added table in the publication, reset the flag `cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs` to a high value (e.g. 3600 seconds).

```sh

> ./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<IP address:PORT> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 3600

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./yb-ts-cli --server_address=<tserverIpAddress:tserverPort> set_flag cdcsdk_publication_list_refresh_interval_secs 3600
```

```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## Initial Snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initial snapshot
```

> The [initial snapshot](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/cdc-logical-replication#initial-snapshot) data for a table is consumed by executing a snapshot query (SELECT statement). To ensure that the streaming phase continues exactly from where the snapshot left, this snapshot query is executed as of a specific database state. In YugabyteDB, this database state is represented by a value of HybridTime. Changes due to transactions with commit time strictly greater than this snapshot HybridTime will be consumed during the streaming phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [initial snapshot](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/cdc-logical-replication#initial-snapshot) data for a table is consumed by executing a snapshot query (SELECT statement). To ensure that the streaming phase continues exactly from where the snapshot left, this snapshot query is executed as of a specific database state. In YugabyteDB, this database state is represented by a value of `HybridTime`. Changes due to transactions with commit time strictly greater than this snapshot `HybridTime` will be consumed during the streaming phase.
```

Reviewer: Would it be better if we mention it like (just a suggestion):

In YugabyteDB, this database state is represented by a value of HybridTime `t` - changes for transactions with commit time strictly greater than `t` will be consumed during streaming phase.

The consistent database state on which the snapshot query is to be executed is specified using the following command -

```sql

> SET LOCAL yb_read_time TO '<consistent_point commit time> ht’

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SET LOCAL yb_read_time TO '<consistent_point commit time> ht';
```

```
		
This command should first be executed on the connection (session). The SELECT statement corresponding to the snapshot query should then be executed as part of the same transaction. The HybridTime value to use in the `SET LOCAL yb_read_time` command is the value of the `snapshot_name` field that is returned by the [CREATE_REPLICATION_SLOT](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/#create-replication-slot) command. This value can also be be obtained by executing the following query:

```sql
select yb_restart_commit_ht

> from pg_replication_slots where slot_name = <slot_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from pg_replication_slots where slot_name = <slot_name>;
```

```

> {{<< note Title="Explore" >>}}
> For more details on pg_replication_slots catalog view, please refer the [pg_replication_slots](../using-logical-replication/monitor#pg-replication-slots) section.
> {{<< /note >>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note Title="Explore" >}}

For more details on `pg_replication_slots` catalog view, please refer the [pg_replication_slots](../using-logical-replication/monitor#pg-replication-slots) section.

{{< /note >}}
```

> Only a superuser can execute the command to set the value of the `yb_read_time` variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note title="Note" >}}

Only a superuser can execute the command to set the value of the `yb_read_time`.

{{< /note }}
```
